1 
 
Annex A 
 
 
About Punggol Point District 
 
Punggol Point, located at the north-eastern tip of Punggol Town and one of 11 
districts in Punggol, is envisioned to be a ‘Green Heritage’ district that embraces nature 
and pays tribute to Punggol’s history.  
 
 
Punggol Point District is one of 11 districts in Punggol Town [Image credit: HDB] 
 
2 
In the early 1900s, Punggol was known for its poultry, pig-rearing, fishing, and fresh 
produce farms as well as rubber plantations. Many farmers, fishermen, and traders found 
a living along the coastal district from Punggol to Serangoon, traversing the meandering 
old Punggol Road with their daily harvest. In tribute to its history as the main transportation 
route, Old Punggol Road will be pedestrianised into a 1.5km long Heritage Trail.  
 
3 
As with all HDB estates, connectivity is key for Punggol Point District. Residents 
have easy access to dining (The Punggol Settlement), retail and recreational facilities 
(Punggol Promenade, Punggol Point Park/ Jetty, Coney Island) along the coastal 
promenade. Besides public transport, these places are also accessible through walking 


2 
 
or cycling. Residents can also get around and beyond Punggol town via the Punggol 
Coast MRT station, located in the nearby Punggol Digital District just south of Punggol 
Point District. 
 
4 
The first two housing projects, Punggol Point Woods and Punggol Point Cove 
(Phase 1), were launched in August 2018, offering 2,112 flats situated next to the Old 
Punggol Road Heritage Trail and the seafront. The next two housing projects, Punggol 
Point Crown and Punggol Point Cove (Phase 2), were launched in September 2019, and 
comprise a total of 2,724 flats. 
 
 
Punggol Point District comprises a total of 4,86 flats across four housing projects [Image credit: HDB] 
 
Punggol Point Woods 
 
5 
Bounded by Punggol Way and New Punggol Road, BTO project Punggol Point 
Woods comprises 940 units of 2-room Flexi, 3-, 4-, and 5-room flats across six blocks. 
The project, which was completed in January 2024, is designed to be sensitively 
integrated with its green environment and features lushly landscaped common spaces. 


3 
 
 
  
 
Punggol Point Woods features lushly landscaped common spaces set against a naturalistic block colour 
palette [Image credit: BHCC Construction Pte Ltd] 
 
6 
Residents at Punggol Point Woods enjoy seamless pedestrian connectivity to the 
upcoming Heritage Trail via series of courtyard spaces connecting the blocks at the 
ground level. The residential blocks facing the Heritage Trail have also been designed 
with staggered heights stepping down towards the Heritage Trail, to maximise residents’ 
views of the surrounding greenery. The development also features animal-themed 
playgrounds inspired by the old Ponggol Zoo, a major attraction in pre-war Singapore.  
 
7  
Residents in and around Punggol Point Woods enjoy the convenience of a good 
spread of amenities at their doorsteps, such as a supermarket, eating house and several 
other shops.  
 
Punggol Point Crown 
 
8 
Punggol Point Crown, completed in June 2024, comprises 1,545 units of 2-room 
Flexi, 3-, 4-, and 5-room flats across nine residential blocks. The project is divided into 
five thematic zones inspired by the natural habitats of Punggol’s past and present 
environment (i.e. Canopy Level Forest, Forest Floor, Grassland, Shoreline, and Tropical 
Forest). The landscaping, communal living and play areas within the different zones also 
draw design inspiration from these habitats. The planting palette for each zone 
incorporates native plant species. For example, a selection of native edible fruit trees was 


4 
 
chosen for the Tropical Forest zone’s landscaping, while coastal trees with bigger leaves 
were planted in the Shoreline zone. 
 
9 
In addition, the project features thematic playgrounds and motifs of animal and bird 
species as a nod to the old Ponggol Zoo. To commemorate the old Ponggol Zoo, a special 
heritage walk weaving through the precinct will feature storyboards containing interesting 
facts about the zoo’s history, animals and significant visitors, so residents will be able to 
appreciate the significance of the zoo in the rich history of Punggol Town. 
 
   
 
Nature- and animal-themed motifs are used in Punggol Point Crown [Image credit: Stephen Caffyn 
Landscape Design Pte Ltd (left), 3PA Pte Ltd (right)] 
 
Punggol Point Cove (Phase 1 and 2) 
 
10 
The seafront Punggol Point Cove (Phases 1 and 2) projects draw reference from 
Punggol’s beginnings as a fishing village, and later as a fishing port. In paying homage to 
its past, the precinct’s design was conceptualised using elements related to the sea such 
as fishing nets and waves, producing unique wave-like block structures, as well as in sea-
themed play equipment and floor motifs. To leverage its proximity to the seafront, the 
residential blocks at Punggol Point Cove (Phase 1 and 2) are designed to step down 
towards the sea and the existing Punggol Promenade, so residents can enjoy views of 
the waterfront area.  
 
11 
Punggol Point Cove (Phase 1), completed in April 2024, comprises 1,178 units of 
2-room Flexi, 3-room, 4-room, 5-room, and 3Gen flats across five blocks, while Punggol 


5 
 
Point Cove (Phase 2), which was completed in January 2025, comprises 1,179 units of 
2-room Flexi, 3-, 4-, and 5-room flats across six blocks. 
 
 
At Punggol Point Cove, blocks closer to the waterfront are lower so that residents of the blocks behind 
them can also enjoy views of the waterfront area [Image credit: Surbana Jurong Consultants] 
 
 
 
